doc: Add board configurator info in the nRF9161 guide (#13627)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf91/nrf9161.rst

For a complete list of configuration options available, see the nRF9161 DK board control section in the nRF9161 DK User Guide.

The nRF5340 IMCU comes preprogrammed with J-Link Segger OB and board controller firmware.

> If you want to change the default configuration of the board controller firmware, you can use the Board Configurator in `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to modify the configuration of the board controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the default configuration of the DK, you can use the Board Configurator application in `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ .
```

Author: Updated. The nRF Connect for Desktop applications are named as apps in the NCS docs. So, updated accordingly.

> See the `nRF Connect Board Configurator`_ documentation for instructions on how to change the configuration of the board controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the `nRF Connect Board Configurator`_ documentation for instructions on how to change the configuration of the DK.
```
